NAME: Adam Broniewski, P. Eng., PMP
LOCATION: Eindhoven, Netherlands
+31 623 119 457 
abroniewski@gmail.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/abroniewski/
www.adambron.com

SUMMARY
I thrive in ambiguity and turn possibilities into clear strategic plans. I ground my work in project management fundamentals, honesty and collaboration. I've honed these skills over 10 years of professional work as an inclusive and open-minded leader.

STRENGTHS 
Strategic Planning: PM fundamentals enable me to keep those around me focused and organized to attain program level goals.
Reflective: Asking questions helps me empathize with experts and understand context to build attainable execution plans.
Communication: Provide clear verbal and written plans. People feel aligned and projects are executed within constraints while minimizing commercial impact.
Relationship Building: My bold vulnerability makes people feel comfortable opening up.

ACHIEVEMENT HIGHLIGHTS
- Delivered 16 projects over 2 years ($28M Value): Managed pipeline integrity and construction projects with 30-40 team members. Negotiated with contractors and built execution strategies and contingency plans to balance cost, schedule, and operational risk.
- Public Transport Data Analysis of 75 Lines, 2200 Stops: Analyzed 12M+ datapoints from real-time data collected over 3 weeks on STIB network in Brussels. Developed algorithm to manage lack of unique IDs, completed statistical analysis of on-time performance and predictive analysis of transit usage with multiple machine learning models.
- Used Agile PM to Increase Team Efficiency by 77%: Co-created a team strategy and goals aligned with business unit plan. Implemented rapid feedback and accountability system to cultivate continuous improvement. Adopted Kanban method to manage work, pursue incremental change, and focus on customer needs.
- Mentored, Coached and Trained 35 Staff: Work 1-on-1 with teammates, new-hires and interns. Support role maturity and professional career development. Trained 23 emergency response on-call staff, 3 new-hires and 9 interns. Delivered online mentorship workshops to over 60 students and new-grads.
- Aligned 18 Functional Groups in Process Development: Developed incident response process. Institutionalized best practices and created tools and templates resulting in improved response quality and stakeholder engagement.

EXPERIENCE AND PROJECTS
MSc Big Data Management and Analytics
Erasmus Mundus Program
09/2021 - 09/2023 Brussels, BL; Barcelona, ES; Eindohoven, NL
Combining theory of data storage and processing with application of descriptive analytics and machine learning.
Optimized source code - Implemented new statistical method for query estimation in PostgreSQL to reduce query time from 50+ minutes to 1.15s. Designed data pipeline architecture - Used distributed file system for big data supercomputer startup. Applied HDFS file system, Hadoop framework, and Apache PySpark.
Designed knowledge graph - Used semantic knowledge representation and reasoning to leverage inference and optimize queries using RDFS and OWL. Implemented graph database - Built property graph ETL and knowledge graph ontology. Analyzed graph data using distributed queries.
Evaluated technologies - Benchmarked relational and raster database performance to determine business suitability. Assessed user-friendliness, extract transform and load (ETL), and data maintenance operations. Analyzed data - Design fit for purpose data analysis process to clean and explore medical data to predict heart disease. Used various models including: random forest, logistic regression, neural networks, and deep learning. Languages, Technologies, and Libraries: Python, R, C++, Java, Bash, SQL, NoSQL (Cypher, SPARQL), PostgreSQL, PostGIS, MySQL, Microsoft SQL, Citus, RasDaMan, Neo4j, GraphDB, RDFS, OWL, HDFS, Hadoop, Spark ML, GraphX, PySpark, Git, Tableau, PowerBI, Kepler.gl., HDFS, BPMN, TPC-DI, TPC-DS.

EXPERIENCE AND PROJECTS

MEMBER – AVATAR INNOVATIONS - VENTURE CAPITAL PROGRAM
30 DEC 2020 – 26 MAR 2021 – Calgary, Canada
- Ideating to find creative ways to use data analytics to support energy industry transition to renewable energies
- Developed business plan for digital energy trading platform for consideration by venture capital group to move to accelerator round
https://youtu.be/uMDOfIV2pO8

Strategic Project Manager
TC Energy
04/2016 - 06/2021
Manage response to emergency incidents and complete root cause analysis investigations. Worked closely with regulatory bodies.
Developed strategic plans and directly managed teams of 30+ people during 23 emergencies using agile methodology.
Introduced new technology never used in industry. Received regulatory approval, reduced customer downtime by 29 days (50% reduction), and avoided $2.4M in internal costs.
Completed cross-enterprise investigation to develop corrective action plan improving data quality of $5B multi-year pipeline integrity program.
Root cause analysis - Completed 19 analytical investigations (i.e. audits) with corrective actions that had system wide quality improvements.
Training and coaching - Manage emergency readiness by providing training, development plans, and coaching for 18 new on-call team members. Iterative design - Developed and implemented incident response program including; process, reporting, tools, templates, and on-boarding resources.

Project Manager
TC Energy
12/2013 - 03/2016
◦ Used technical background and relationship building to complete projects successfully. Easily translate between technical, operational, and field stakeholders to manage risk and ensure all project requirements are met.
◦ Planned and executed 16 integrity projects ($28M value) in compliance with internal procedures and external regulatory requirements.
◦ Communicated risks in schedules and budgets to project sponsors and controlled execution through contingency planning.
◦ Focused on achieving desired project outcome by aligning on technical requirements and operational restrictions; eliminated unnecessary scope.
◦ Built strong network and relationships with individuals supporting project.
◦ Used knowledge of organizational structure and processes of other groups to effectively resolve issues and
escalate when appropriate.
◦ Facilitated conflict resolution between field personnel.
◦ Supervised in the field and completed reporting during project execution.

Engineering Intern
TC Energy
09/2011 - 09/2012
Designed and implemented MS Access database to track regulatory information requests of $40-billion project application by engaging with 9 teams over 5 months to understand needs.
◦ Designed MS Access SQL database and user interface. Automated work package generation and data cleaning of uploaded information.
◦ Implemented inclusive database solution with a functional structure by researching, empathizing and listening.
◦ Gained experience with conflict resolution and negotiation and built on the ability to impact others.
◦ Developed communication skills while interfacing with contractors to prepare weekly updates.

Teaching Assistance and Student Liaison
1 JUN 2011 – 1 JUL 2011
Shantou University - Shantou, China
◦ ENME 519.01: Innovation and Entrepreneurship in Renewable Energy.
◦ ENME 519.21: Renewable Energy Practicum.
◦ Traveled with an exchange group to Shantou, China to help students with the renewable energies practicum
course. Provided inspiration and guided students in a project-based learning environment. Aided with data
collection and feedback after each project was completed for this pilot program.
◦ Acted as student liaison by voicing student concerns and issues with the attending professor. Organized various
non-academic trips around town, and helped students with any non-academic concerns or desires.


EDUCATION

MSc Big Data Management and Analytics
Location: Université Libre de Bruxelles (ULB). Universitat Politècnica de Catalunya (UPC). Eindhoven University of Technical (TU/e).
09/2021 - 09/2023
- Program content: database design, implementation and maintenance; data mining; big data solutions; distributed systems; semantic data management; machine learning. Specialization: business process analytics. 

Business Essentials
Haskayne School of Business
09/2018 - 03/2019 Calgary
- Business program covering: strategy formulation, financial decision-making, negotiation, marketing, and risk management. Attendance sponsored by employer.

BSc Mechanical Engineering
University of Calgary
2013 Calgary
Course Highlights
◦ Mathematical: probability and statistics, linear algebra, multivariable calculus.
◦ Computer science: Python, C++, numerical methods, MATLAB, SolidWorks
◦ Engineering: electric circuits, physics, fluids, thermodynamics, materials, manufacturing, mechatronics, controls,
design, decision theory
◦ Environmental: regulations, life cycle analysis, alternative energy systems, energy and environment fundamentals
◦ Experiential learning (internship): information management and database practices, human-computer
interaction
Extracurriculars
◦ Led or contributed to 11 different major design projects or competitions.
◦ Project manager for 4 on-campus organizations where I held an executive leadership role. ◦ Founder of 2 new organizations that continue to be active.
Exchange Programs
◦ Shantou, China - Innovation and Entrepreneurship in Renewable Energy program (June 2011). In the course of 1 month, designed, built, tested and presented results for; a Photovoltaic Cell, PV-powered fan, Wind Turbine and a Solar Thermal Water Heater. Tested various designs for a hypothetical PV-powered headlamp. Performed market feasibility research and cost-analysis. Looked at various production and distribution methods.
◦ Rome, Italy - School of Polish Language and Culture (June 2007). Studied at the Catholic University of Lublin in Rome, Italy. Took 4 courses: Polish History, Language, Film and Art

CERTIFICATION & TRAINING
Project Management Professional (PMP): Project Management Institute (PMI) Credential ID: 2861943. Project Management Professional (PMP) certification is an industry-recognized credential for project managers. PMP demonstrates the experience, education, skill and competency required to lead and direct projects. PMP is the most sought-after certification administered by the Project Management Institute (PMI).
Registered Professional Engineer (P.Eng.): Association of Professional Engineers and Geoscientists of Alberta (APEGA) Member ID: 124910. An engineer is an individual who has been issued a licence to practise engineering by a provincial or territorial engineering regulatory body after demonstrating that they have the requisite education, skills, knowledge and experience. An engineer is sometimes referred to as a licensed engineer, a registered engineer or a professional engineer.
Incident Command System (ICS) Planning and Logistics Section Chief
TapRooT Advanced Root Cause Analysis (RCA) Lead Investigator
Dale Carnegie Leadership Course
DataCamp - Data Scientist with R Career Track


VOLUNTEERING

Board Member and Alumni Committee Chair
West Island College
06/2020 - 05/2021
- Board member of independent university-prep school focusing on long-term strategy and governance. As Alumni chair (2019-2021), developed tactics to execute strategy and vision of CEO. - Leadership for committee to meaningfully engage with community.

Alumni Committee Chair
West Island College
08/2021
◦ Develop tactics to execute strategy and long-term vision of CEO.
◦ Providing guidance and leadership to committee members to meaningfully engage with the alumni community. ◦ Developing committee member onboarding to act as ambassadors.
◦ Member in 2017-2019, Vice-Chair in 2019-2020, Chair from 2020-Current

Engineering Leadership Program
Schulich School of Engineering
04/2019 - Ongoing
Run workshops and deliver learning content in leadership, branding, and project management for engineering student leaders. Active mentor.

Technical Writer
NKA Wind Turbine Project
06/2016 - 10/2016
Communicated complex engineering principles in simple format for construction by Tanzanian work force. Supported project lead to establish objectives and required engineering tasks.
Analytics

LANGUAGES
English: Native
French: B2 - Very good command
Polish: B1 - Good working knowledge