

Introduction

The Lean Agile Portfolio Manager will provide oversight to portfolio level value-driven governance for Agile delivery across the Technology streams (i.e. Agile Release Trains) in both DCE and DCS. The position will play a crucial role in ensuring that all Technology portfolio investments are aligned to the Airports, Post & Parcel or Warehouse business strategies and meet short/long term business needs and value expectations.

What will you be doing?

This person will also monitor Portfolio-level Delivery and provide Value Risk Oversight by partnering with the Head of (Market Leading) Solutions, Architects, Commercial Module Managers, Development Managers and Release Train Engineers to define, analyze, and report out on portfolio-level technology and business risks, metrics, and information related to value delivery

Key Responsibilities:

Portfolio Value Alignment & Agile Governance

Govern portfolio efforts in a 100M+ EUR Agile environment

Oversee the achievement and risk “blockers” related to Equipment & Software product / module deliveries as part of a larger solution roadmap

Partner with business stakeholders (e.g. Commercial Module Managers/Product Mgt) to develop and review lean business cases, linking business benefits to Technology investments for funding and allocation requests

Ensure Agile Portfolio Management governance processes and decisions are applied consistently

Portfolio Transparency, Metrics, & Risk

Oversee the creation and review of key metrics, outcomes, and reporting related to key milestones and objectives

Assess and Report the health of module/product deliveries with objectivity, accuracy, and transparency

Ensure that appropriate stakeholders are engaged in risk identification and mitigation

Predict and identify risks/opportunities from interdependencies of product deliveries

Team Leadership

Support the identification/removal of barriers to delivery

Promote the pace and energy within the team and leading by example

Strong commitment and support for the success of the team and is outcomes

What do we ask from you?

Ability to build relationships and work collaboratively with diverse leaders

Proven experience managing effective Portfolio governance in the Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe) and/or other agile delivery methodology.

Experience overseeing Enterprise (e.g. BU + Technology) and large budget Technology initiatives

Able to communicate ideas to both technical and non-technical audiences

Strong ability to design and deliver key insights; ability to analyze data and present it in a way that tells a story

Comfortable with ambiguity, can handle the unexpected with flexibility

Exceptional interpersonal and communication skills, both oral and written.

Ability to work with a collaborative approach and build trust with others

Position Requirements:

10+ years of experience in managing multiple Product creation/Engineering/Software/Technology Delivery projects

5+ years of experience in an Agile / Scrum environment with a demonstrated appreciation for large enterprise standards

Proven track record of managing a cross-functional process or BU<>Technology delivery team in a large Enterprise environment

Well versed with Scaled Agile Framework’s Portfolio Management methodology (i.e. Lean Portfolio Management)

Proficient knowledge of Agile/DevOps/Program Mgmt. Lifecycle Methodologies & Standards

Strong knowledge and experience with Business Case creation / Investment analysis / ROI / NPV calculations

Excellent written and verbal communication and analytical skills

Experience working in a geographically distributed and culturally diverse work-group

Knowledge and experience using Jira, Confluence, MS Excel, PowerPoint, etc.

Other Requirements:

SAFe SPC certification preferred

Lean Six Sigma Black Belt certification preferred

Knowledge of Material Handling Industry is preferred

About the team

Vanderlande is the global market leader for future-proof logistic process automation at airports and in the parcel market. Furthermore, we are also a leading supplier of process automation solutions for warehouses, which seamlessly integrate innovative systems, intelligent software and life-cycle services. 

At Vanderlande, you can develop your career, satisfy your ambitions, aspire to new heights, while enjoying personal growth and thriving on achievement. 

What we offer​

 

In the challenging and responsible position of Innovation Manager, you will have the chance to make a significant contribution to industry-leading projects and be connected to our dedicated people and customers. We offer a position in an informal, international and professional working environment with a lot of scope for personal development. By joining our profitable and growing company you will be able to reach your goals and focus on your future.​ 

This position offers a competitive salary range of € 6100,- to € 7900,-  gross per month (excluding 8% holiday allowance). Through exceeding performance expectations, you even have the possibility to grow outside this scale.   

On top of your fixed salary you’ll receive the following secondary benefits:​ 

40 vacation days (20 statutory days and a flexible budget worth 20 days).​ 

Flexible working hours.​ 

A hybrid workplace (40% working from home and 60% in the office).​ 

A Health & Wellbeing budget worth €300,- per calendar year. 

Commuting allowance, including full reimbursement of travel by public transport.​ 

Working from home allowance.​ 

Collective pension scheme and discount on additional health insurance.​ 

On-site company health centres with a gym, physiotherapists and occupational therapists.​ 

Vanderlande Academy and training facilities to boost your skills.​ 

A variety in Vanderlande Network communities and initiatives.​ 

And a great company restaurant and coffee bar with barista.

Your application​

If the role of Innovation Manager appeals to you, then please apply now! 

For more information on the position, please contact Misha Wittkowski, +31(0)413- 493 230 