About the job
Chapter Lead Engineer

Brussels

Your role & work environment

You are an energetic, enthusiastic, inspiring and experienced Chapter Lead that combines a good technical background with knowledge in Data Processing/Engineering and with people management and evaluation skills. You are respectful towards others, have ability to work well in stressful situations, maintains integrity with peers and other management members, helping others to be successful, able to develop – together with your key stakeholders - a strategic vision where we need to steer towards within data management Tribe around it. You are able to communicate well on choices to be made, have the ability to engage the team in place to execute on it and are continuously improving the team’s craftsmanship and capabilities and are the one who will help tribe data management to meet the goals of different programs within BE (for ex. Route 24) by proposing, executing and implementing strategic solutions and also by guiding and leading dev engineers in your chapter into the right direction.

ING’s goal is to enable people to “do their thing” and empower them to stay a step ahead in life and business. We are one of the largest banks in Europe and we continuously evolve to become one of the most innovative companies in the banking sector. Our Tribe Data Management's purpose and strategy is in line with ING’s vision to empower people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. Tribe data management BE is a multi-cultural tribe with having people from different nationalities. Integrity, respect and common goal to work for the betterment of our bank are some of the keys for our success. Our purpose is People Empowering People (employees, customers, investors and regulators) with Data by making it available, meaningful, transparent and trustworthy in a compliant and efficient way We deliver trust, respect, commitment and reliability.

Your key responsibilities We look for

Creating and safeguarding the 'new' high performance culture
Has an active role in embedding the new way of working according to the Agile principles within a Spotify Model.
Functions as an ambassador for cultural change and advocates the 'organization doing' principles rather than ‘organizational talking’ ones.
Puts in place a culture of self-development and high performing teams.
Manage and achieve IT maturity and the squad's mission
Spends approximately half of the time working as an Engineer.
Works towards QBR goals for the squad and Tribe and ensure the right steering.
Ensure the proper working in different squads and act when it’s diverting from it’s right direction.
Has an up-to-date vision regarding IT expertise and keeps abreast of developments.
Stays one step ahead in the domain of expertise and applies learnings in its specific context,
Defines and ensures application of standards in his/her own area of IT expertise.
Organizes regular meetings to share relevant insights/developments in his/her own IT expertise with members of his/her own and possibly also other chapters.
People and Chapter management
Is responsible for the personal development, craftsmanship, management and evaluation of the chapter members.
Encourages chapter members to develop themselves and facilitates this (e.g. providing training opportunities/sharing knowledge/organizing sessions).
Provides coaching both in terms of professional and of personal development. Constantly ensures development of individual members' expertise.
Identifies top performance and takes action at an early stage for underperformance.
Supports talent acquisition and retention management activities (e.g. interview applicants)
Support and help peer chapter leads in all activities (recruitment/organizing sessions/mvps/portfolio meetings…)
Discusses resource planning for squads and chapter with the IT Area Lead, SLT and Product Owners.

A colleague with a talent for taking it on and making it happen, enthusiasm for helping others to be successful and a knack for always being a step ahead. In other words, you strive to bring fresh ideas to life and embrace challenges in a fast changing and complex environment. You are a naturally collaborative person who listens and invests in others to achieve common goals. You love to challenge the status quo and are eager to propose creative solutions to problems.

As a Chapter Lead Engineer You Will Also Need

An academic degree (Bachelors/Master Degree) in Econometrics, Mathematics, Physics, Economics, Engineering or another quantitative/numerical field.
You have a professional track record in data structuring/processing and modelling (e.g. Datastage, Oracle, PDA, Unix/Linux, Python, Cognos/Reporting).
Experience in being a sparring partner/advisor to Senior Management
Experience in Agile way of working ( Spotify Model )
Experience in leading and/or coaching a team of professionals is a must.
Experience as a (strategy) consultant and Understanding the (IT) ING organization and Collections.
Fluent communication skills in English both verbally and in writing
Is inspiring and exude energy and passion.
Has a keen IT market focus
Is focused on collaboration
Actively seeks help and feedback, but is not afraid to give feedback either.
Is curious and always looks out for innovation opportunities in his/her focus area.
We offer you

A clear purpose, a unique offer and a range of flexible compensation and other benefits:

Personal growth & challenging work with endless opportunities to realize your ambitions
An informal, dynamic environment with innovative colleagues supporting your endeavors
A progressive and agile way of working, where new ideas are valued ahead of convention

Furthermore, Within The Data Management Department, You Can Count On a Range Of Opportunities To Invest In Your Personal And Professional Growth With

A challenging environment with great colleagues to learn from and grow.

We redefine banking. What about you?

We’re on a journey that’s centred around our customers, powered by technology and driven by smart, determined people. Our customers feel our people are empowering them to stay a step ahead in life and in business. We’re proud of that

How you match
3 skills match your profile. Stand out by adding other skills you have.
Skills associated with the job post
Identified by LinkedIn

3 skills on your profile
Coaching, Communication, and Team Leadership
5 skills missing on your profile
Personal Development, Sparring, Resource Planning, English, and Craftsmanship
Add skills you have to your profile to stand out to the employer. Add skills