
Scrum Master Digital Services Platform

Are you our new Scrum Master Digital Services? Leading by example, setting the right quality standards and coaching our agile development teams on the job? Are you eager to design, maintain and grow the data driven solutions for our Digital Services Platform?

You will be working in the forefront of digitalization within Vanderlande. Feel empowered to contribute to our sustainability journey, towards zero carbon footprint and full circular product development. Enjoy learning and sharing together with your peers in the Vanderlande Agile Development community, explore the many personal growth possibilities and embark together with us on a high performing team journey.

Great opportunity to become a key player in a true agile data and insight development community. 80+ highly skilled and highly motivated colleagues at the Vanderlande Digital Service Platform are looking forward to getting to know you and shine together.

What will you be doing?

Vanderlande is seeking an experienced Scrum Master to join our agile teams. As a Scrum Master, you will be responsible for leading and facilitating the agile development process, and ensuring that the team is working efficiently and effectively towards delivering high-quality products.

You will be working in multi-disciplinary agile teams, co-located in the Netherlands and India. You will take part in the department’s Scrum Master guild, and work closely with your colleague Scrum Masters and Release Train Engineer.

Responsibilities

Act as a Scrum Master for two agile teams, guiding the teams on how to use Agile/Scrum practices and values to deliver high-quality products

Facilitate Scrum ceremonies (daily stand-ups, sprint planning, sprint review, and sprint retrospective) and remove impediments that prevent the team from achieving its goals

Coach team members on Agile/Scrum best practices, and foster a culture of continuous improvement within the team

Collaborate with product owners and stakeholders to ensure that the team is delivering value to the business

Track and report on team progress, and help the team to identify and resolve issues and risks that may impact their ability to deliver

Act as a mentor to your Scrum Master colleagues, offer guidance and support in implementing Agile/Scrum practices effectively within the department

Improve communication, collaboration and focus on delivering goals within the team

What do we ask from you?

At least 5 years of experience as a Scrum Master, with a strong understanding of Agile/Scrum methodologies and principles

Experience in facilitating meetings and workshops, ability to remove impediments that prevent the team from achieving its goals, conflict resolution skills

Strong coaching and mentoring skills

Strong "getting stuff done mindset" with ability to quickly overcome challenges and provide solutions

Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to collaborate effectively with team members, product owners and stakeholders

Knowledge of agile metrics and how to use them to track and report on team progress

Mindset of continuous improvement

Experience in working with colleagues located in different parts of the world

You are fluent in English, Dutch is a nice-to-have

If you are an experienced Scrum Master with a passion for Agile and a desire to work on innovative projects, we encourage you to apply for this exciting opportunity at Vanderlande.

Are you our new Scrum Master Digital Services? Leading by example, setting the right quality standards and coaching our agile development teams on the job? Are you eager to design, maintain and grow the data driven solutions for our Digital Services Platform?

You will be working in the forefront of digitalization within Vanderlande. Feel empowered to contribute to our sustainability journey, towards zero carbon footprint and full circular product development. Enjoy learning and sharing together with your peers in the Vanderlande Agile Development community, explore the many personal growth possibilities and embark together with us on a high performing team journey.

Great opportunity to become a key player in a true agile data and insight development community. 80+ highly skilled and highly motivated colleagues at the Vanderlande Digital Service Platform are looking forward to getting to know you and shine together.

About the team

Vanderlande’s warehousing solutions are the first choice for major e-commerce players across the globe, helping them to fulfil their promise of same-day delivery for billions of orders. In addition, 9 of the 15 largest global food retailers rely on Vanderlande’s efficient and reliable solutions. Our airport’s baggage handling systems are installed in over 600 airports around the globe. All those systems generate data, and the Digital Service Platform stream is leading the company’s digital transformation, developing data-driven services to provide advanced insights for our customers.

What we offer 

In the challenging and responsible position of [position name], you will have the chance to make a significant contribution to industry-leading projects and be connected to our dedicated people and customers. We offer a position in an informal, international and professional working environment with a lot of scope for personal development. By joining our profitable and growing company you will be able to reach your goals and focus on your future.​ 

 

This position offers a competitive salary range of € 5300,- to € 6800,- gross per month (excluding 8% holiday allowance). Through exceeding performance expectations, you even have the possibility to grow outside this scale.   

 

On top of your fixed salary you’ll receive the following secondary benefits:​ 

40 vacation days (20 statutory days and a flexible budget worth 20 days).​ 

Flexible working hours.​ 

A hybrid workplace (40% working from home and 60% in the office).​ 

A Health & Wellbeing budget worth €300,- per calendar year. 

Commuting allowance, including full reimbursement of travel by public transport.​ 

Working from home allowance.​ 

Collective pension scheme and discount on additional health insurance.​ 

On-site company health centres with a gym, physiotherapists and occupational therapists.​ 

Vanderlande Academy and training facilities to boost your skills.​ 

A variety in Vanderlande Network communities and initiatives.​ 

And a great company restaurant and coffee bar with barista. 

Contact

If the role of Senior Software Engineer Data Acquisition & IoT appeals to you, then please apply now by completing the application form, and uploading your CV and covering letter. For more information, please contact Misha Wittkowski, Sr. Recruiter, via +31 413 493 230.