Sr. Salesforce Functional Consultant
Wipro  Brussels, Brussels Region, Belgium 


About the job
We are urgently in search for a Senior Salesforce Functional Consultant to work on an exciting project in Belgium. This is a a hybrid role with the flexibility to work from Brussels office or Mechelen office.


The Sr. Salesforce Functional Consultant is responsible for providing guidance and recommendations as well as sharing best practices across business environments and industries and leading requirements gathering sessions to gain an understanding of our customer's current state processes and technology in the CRM space.


Your role includes:

Identify customers needs and propose the most appropriate approach by converting the client's business requirements into high quality, scalable Salesforce solutions.
Organize, lead and facilitate Discovery Workshops.
Collaborate closely with all members of the project team, both internal (on-shore, near shore and off-shore) and on the customer side.
Both delivering complex configuration yourself and managing the delivery of solutions through less experienced members of your project team.
You are proud to be responsible for making sure projects are delivered on time and quality expectations of our customers.
Going above and beyond for your customer with a can-do attitude whilst remaining consultative and following Salesforce best practices.
Represent and promote the core company values.
To be a coach and mentor to less experienced members of the team.
You continuously expand your knowledge and you stay up-to-date with technical and market evolutions

Required Skills:

Dutch language skill is a must with fluency in English.
You have a Bachelor or Master degree in IT or equal by experience.
You have a minimum of 5 years of experience in Salesforce development.
Salesforce certified: Admin & Service Cloud certifications are required.
You are strongly interested in cloud technology and CRM.
You have a strong experience with data integration/migration.
You have knowledge or affinity with agile development techniques.
Strong presentation and communication skills are very much appreciated by our customers.
Team player and people manager, you are the one who leads, motivates and inspires others, and who is also able to structure and organize work in a way so that it runs smoothly and efficiently.
You have the ability to make complex things easy to understand
You are eager to learn and you have a positive attitude
You are customer and quality driven

Wipro is a leading global information technology, consulting and business process services company. We harness the power of cognitive computing, hyper-automation, robotics, cloud, analytics and emerging technologies to help our clients adapt to the digital world and make them successful. A company recognized globally for its comprehensive portfolio of services, strong commitment to sustainability and good corporate citizenship, we have over 260,000 dedicated employees serving clients across six continents. Together, we discover ideas and connect the dots to build a better and a bold new future.